Create lwm2m-agent-1020-440-36-resolved-issues-in-lwm-2-m-composite-write.md (#3288)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent-1020-440-36-resolved-issues-in-lwm-2-m-composite-write.md

---
date: ""

> title: Resolved Issues in LWM2M Composite Write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M Composite Write operation correctly displays multiple resource values
```

> title: LWM2M Composite Write operation correctly displays multiple resource values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Resolved issue in LWM2M composite write operation
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4560
version: 1020.440.36
---

> Fixed an issue where a LwM2M Composite Write operation, although correctly writing multiple resource values to the device, incorrectly displayed them as a single consolidated resource object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where a LWM2M Composite Write operation, although correctly writing multiple resource values to the device, incorrectly displayed them as a single consolidated resource object.
```

> The LWM2M Composite Write operation, although correctly writing multiple resource values to the device, incorrectly displayed them as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LWM2M composite write operation successfully updated multiple resources on the device, but incorrectly displayed the values as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed. 
```

> Fixed an issue where a LWM2M Composite Write operation, although correctly writing multiple resource values to the device, incorrectly displayed them as a single consolidated resource object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LWM2M Composite Write operation, although correctly writing multiple resource values to the device, incorrectly displayed them as a single consolidated resource object. This issue has been fixed.
```
